=head1 NAME

The GUI Loft Changes -- Delta beween releases



=head1 RELEASES

=head2 020406

Fixed newly introduced bug with reading .gld files.


=head2 020401

Added class method newScalar() to enable you to load the 
Window from a scalar instead of loading it from disk.

Updated the Programmer's Reference, look at the SYNOPSIS for 
an example.


=head2 020228

Programmer's utility: Win32::GUI::Loft::winapp($nameWindow)

Return three-value array with the ($win, $design, $app) that 
corresponds to $nameWindow. Quick way of getting to these 
vars.


Updated Demo program FetchURL now shows how to influence the 
build process and set e.g. a Class and change the -style. 
The Programmer's Reference contains a section describing 
this.


=head2 011010

Beta color management: Foreground and Background property 
for the controls: Label, Textfield, Listbox, and TreeView. 
This is experimental, don't rely on it.

Bug fix: Warning triggered when setting the property Align 
or Valign to "".


=head2 011008

New Window type: borderless window. Property value for the 
Window control property DialogBox: borderless. Uses the new 
class Win32::GUI::BorderlessWindow (in the Win32::GUI::AdHoc 
PPM).

Open file by drag-n-drop on The GUI Loft window. You will 
need to a) run the binary; or b) rebuild your Win32::GUI 
module for this to work. Option a) is obviously easier.

Open file by command line parameter.


=head2 010913

New property for the Textfield and RichEdit controls: 
WantReturn


=head2 010908

New property Design->rhClusterWingc()


=head2 010905

Added a FAQ

More pictures to the User Manual

New (backwards compatible) .gld format. Data::Dumper -> 
Storable.


=head2 010828

Right-click Popup menu to select controls


=head2 010826

Menu: Align commands

Right-click Popup menu


=head2 010824

Menu: Select all, Select window, 

Menu: Bring up, Bring down, Bring to top, Bring to bottom



=head2 010823

New Control: Graphic

New Control: Toolbar

New options to the Window control: Maximizebox, Minimizebox, 
Helpbox, Menubox, Controlparent, Resizable



=head2 010819

Bug fixed: Esc in the Properties window closes the current 
Design.

StatusBar control: Restricted the Height property to 18 
pixels (like it renders).

Menu item: Copy Resizer code to Clipboard

Manipulate controls: SHIFT snaps to horizontal/vertical 
movement

Demo program: FileDisplay


=head2 010810

New control: StatusBar

New control: ProgressBar

Developer's Reference (in resource/dev.pod)


=head2 010716

FetchURL Demo program

Code SYNOPSIS


=head2 010629

Basic resizer feature + docs

Resizer - modifier


=head2 010625

Win32::GUI Help files included (for easy reference)

Win32::GUI control sensitive help files for the 
selected control (for even easier reference)

Link to the Windows SDK docs on MS site

Programmer's reference update. Still not finished though

"Edit | Copy name" copies the names of selected controls to the Clipboard

Visible grid

Grid/snap settings

Remove dependency on Data::Denter (really!)

Changes file



=head2 010623

PPMs - AdHoc, Loft



=head2 010621

Refactor Win32::Clipboard code - move to app

Remove dependency on Data::Denter


=head2 WAY BACK

Lotsa stuff



=head1 COPYRIGHT

The GUI Loft is Copyright (c) Johan Lindström, 
johanl@bahnhof.se

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the GPL-2.0

=cut
