=head1 NAME

The GUI Loft FAQ -- Frequently Asked Questions


=head1 TROUBLE SHOOTING

=head2 Can't run the Demo programs, what's up?

Win32::GUI::Loft requires the Win32::GUI module. If you see 
something similar to this

	Can't locate Win32/GUI.pm in @INC (@INC contains: C:/Perl/lib
	C:/Perl/site/lib .) at Password.pl line 27.
	BEGIN failed--compilation aborted at Password.pl line 27.

then Win32::GUI isn't installed properly. Download here:

	http://sourceforge.net/projects/perl-win32-gui



=head1 USAGE QUESTIONS

=head2 Is it possible to have many windows in the same design?

Nope. But it's not a problem.

A Design "is" a window (or dialog, or toolwindow). So you
just do many Designs (.gld files), one for each window.

Then you create one new Win32::GUI::Loft::Design object for
each window, load the .gld file and build the window (maybe
with a parent window).

If you want them to interact in some way (Show(), SetFocus()
etc.), you do that with regular Win32::GUI code.

Note that you should NOT "reuse" a Design object to load and
build another .gld file. The Design object is used at
runtime to hold information not contained in the Win32::GUI
window, like bitmap objects, Win32::GUI::TabStripGroups
etc..


=head2 How do I add menus to the window?

=over 4

=item *

See the Programmer's Reference:

http://www.bahnhof.se/~johanl/perl/Loft/reference.html#adding%20menus

Also, study the FileDisplay demo program (in the ./Demo directory).


=item *

There is no support for building the menu, but there is
preview support for menus in the Window control:

http://www.bahnhof.se/~johanl/perl/Loft/manual.html#menu

=back


=head1 GENERAL QUESTIONS

=head2 Can The GUI Loft generate Perl code?

That was the original plan, but I finally decided against
it. The reasons are described here:

http://www.bahnhof.se/~johanl/perl/Loft/reference.html#what%20no%20perl%20code

I might reconsider since it seems to be an issue.


=head2 Is there a difference between The GUI Loft and
Win32::GUI::Loft?

In a way, yes.

B<Win32::GUI::Loft> and the other classes below that hierarchy
is a framework for displaying (and editing) Designs. This is
the runtime, needed to build the window in your programs.

B<The GUI Loft> is the application. It's basically a GUI on top
of Win32::GUI::Loft, used to manipulate and edit Designs
(.gld files). The application takes care of the user
interaction while the Win32::GUI::Loft classes does the
actual work.



=head1 COPYRIGHT

The GUI Loft is Copyright (c) Johan Lindström,
johanl@bahnhof.se

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the GPL-2.0

=cut
